Add custom external certificate docs (#2867)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/2.1/security/ent/tls-ssl/ar-custom/index.md

The benefits of using a custom external certificate for your DC/OS Enterprise cluster include:

- only needing to obtain a standard certificate instead of an intermediate CA signing certificate, in order to make connections to the cluster trusted by the clients by default (i.e. browser-trusted certificates);
- using a certificate with different properties for clients connecting to the cluster using different server names.

# Contents
- [Supported certificates](#supported-ca-certificates)
- [Glossary](#glossary) for general definition of terms 
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Configuration parameter reference](#config-ref)
- [Installation walkthrough](#installing-dcos-enterprise-with-a-custom-ca-certificate). 
- [Example use cases](#example-use-cases) then provide example file contents for the custom external certificate configuration files for three popular use cases.

# Supported certificates
- Certificates with both RSA and ECC type keys are supported

> - Custom external certificates are only supported for a fresh installation of DC/OS Enterprise 2.1 or later. Older versions of DC/OS are not supported. It is possible to add a custom external certificate during upgrade to 2.1.

Reviewer: The way I understand it is that Custom External Cert (let's just use CEC for short) cannot be added during the upgrade procedure to e.g. DC/OS 2.2 from DC/OS 2.1 - only the upgrade from older versions to the new version of fresh installs can give one the CEC.

Author: I understand why it would be a problem with a custom CA cert, but not why it is a problem for the external Admin Router cert. Why is it not possible to change this during an upgrade from 2.1 to 2.2?

Reviewer: I am sorry - I was not precise. What I meant is that changing CEC during the upgrade from 2.1 to 2.2+ *IS* possible, but the text makes me think that it is not.

Author: I've simplified it down to 3 separate statements to avoid confusion.

# Requirements

In order to install DC/OS Enterprise with a custom external certificate you will need:

- to use the [advanced DC/OS installation method](/mesosphere/dcos/2.1/installing/ent/custom/advanced/). Other installation methods are not supported.
- A file containing the custom external certificate.
- A file containing the private key associated with the custom external certificate.

## <a name="manually-placing-custom"></a>Manually placing custom external certificate

The custom external certificate and the associated private key must be put in the `$DCOS_INSTALL_DIR/genconf/` directory on the bootstrap node:

```bash
cd $DCOS_INSTALL_DIR
ls genconf/
```
```bash
external-certificate.crt
external-certificate-key.key
```

## <a name="manually-placing-master"></a>Manually placing the private key 

For security reasons, the installer will not copy the private key from the bootstrap node to the master nodes.

> The private key associated with the custom external certificate must be distributed manually to every DC/OS master node **before starting the installation**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The private key associated with the custom external certificate must be securely distributed manually to every DC/OS master node **before starting the installation**.
```

```bash
cd $DCOS_INSTALL_DIR/genconf
scp external-certificate-key.key centos@W.X.Y.Z:/var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/private/adminrouter-external.key
```

## Specifying locations

The filesystem paths to the custom external certificate and associated private key in the `$DCOS_INSTALL_DIR/genconf/` directory on the bootstrap node must be specified in the DC/OS configuration file using, respectively, the `external_certificate_path` and `external_certificate_key_path` parameters. The paths must be relative to `$DCOS_INSTALL_DIR`.

The [Example use cases](#example-use-cases) section below shows how to set these configuration parameters.

# <a name="config-ref"></a>Configuration parameter reference
## external_certificate_path
Path (relative to the `$DCOS_INSTALL_DIR`) to a file containing a single X.509 leaf certificate in the OpenSSL PEM format. For example: `genconf/external-certificate.crt`. If necessary, it should include all the intermediate CA certificates up to the root CA certificate trusted by the clients. It is advised to not to include the final root CA certificate in the PEM file, but is not strictly necessary.

> If provided, this is the custom external certificate.  If not provided, the DC/OS cluster generates a unique leaf certificate during the initial bootstrap phase signed by DC/OS CA and presents it to the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If provided, this is the custom external certificate.  If not provided, the DC/OS cluster uses a unique leaf certificate generated during the initial bootstrap phase signed by DC/OS CA and presents it to the clients.
```

Reviewer: The AR cert signed by DC/OS CA is always generated, only when CAC is present then the CAC is used instead while communicating with external clients.

For security reasons, the installer will not copy the private key from the bootstrap node to the master nodes.
The private key associated with the custom external certificate must be securely distributed manually to every DC/OS master node **before starting the installation**.

The filesystem path for the private key file must be `/var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/private/adminrouter-external.key`.
The directory `/var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/private/` can be created manually with the following command before putting the file `adminrouter-external.key` in the directory on every DC/OS master node:

```bash
 mkdir -p /var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/private/
```

Furthermore, the file containing the private key `adminrouter-external.key` corresponding to the custom external certificate must be owned by the root Unix user and have 0600 permissions set.

If you copy the private key file over the network onto the master nodes, the network channel must be adequately protected. An example of copying the external certificate private key is given below. The commands are executed on the bootstrap node. The `W.X.Y.Z` below indicates the IP address of a master node:

```bash
cd $DCOS_INSTALL_DIR/genconf

> scp external-certificate-key.key centos@W.X.Y.Z:/var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/private/adminrouter-external.key

Author: This command will fail since the `centos` user does not have permission to write to the directory.

Author: Fixed to avoid this problem

  - `registry.component.thisdcos.directory`

Every server name provided in this option must be present in the custom external
certificate's Canonical Name or Subject Alternative Names.

This option is required if `external_certificate_path` is specified.

## external_certificate_validation_disable
The custom external certificate undergoes validation before being taken into
consideration. Namely:
    * the restrictions for server names mentioned for
      `external_certificate_servernames` parameter
    * certificate key must be of type RSA or ECC
    * minimum size of an RSA key is 2048
    * minimum size of the ECC key is 256
    * the ECC's key curve must be one of SECP256R1 or SECP384R1,
    * key usage extension must be defined
    * the validity period of the certificate must not start in the future
    * the validity period of the certificate must not end sooner than in 365
      days
    * the basic constraints are not required, but if they are defined, they
      should not have the CA flag set
    * key usage extension must have the digital signature and key encipherment
      extensions set
    * extended key usage extension must be present and tls server

>       authentication flag must be set

Reviewer 2: The formatting for this list is messed up.   I think there are too many leading spaces before the asterisks, it does not show up as a list in the preview.

Author: Done
